https://codepen.io/awidener21/pen/YzqXEmw

 1. What is Semantic HTML?
 It is the correct use of HTML to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
It is the standard makeup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Additional properties of an element such as width and height of an image. They are always in the opening tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It defines a heading. You should only use it one time per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
<address> <b>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Page title
    7. What is an id? 
It can only apply to one element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Mainly headings
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
1
    10. What is a class? 
It specifies one or more elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
mainly sections
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many as wanted
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href="url" target="_blank">...</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
It allows you to specify an alternative text for the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section is the content grouped inside and will appear as an entry. Div is more like the parent to the children for example titles or sections.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Adding styles, fonts, borders, padding 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{

}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
class would be when we grouped a section together and an id would be using it just for h1
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
write . followed by the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. If you have a <div> and a <span>.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
 descendant selectors
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
It is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
So that it is easily readable.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Select the text that you want to change.
On the Home tab, click the Font Dialog Box Launcher, and then click the Advanced tab. ...
In the Spacing box, click Expanded or Condensed, and then specify how much space you want in the By box.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
lowercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text lowercase.
uppercase: makes all of the letters in the selected text uppercase or ALL CAPS.
capitalize: capitalizes the first letter of each word in the selected text.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border : 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
cmd and because it will not ask if you are sure you want to delete
    34. Why should I use version control? 
If you've made more than two copies of your code, you need version control. A good version control system lets you undo a change you made a while ago without undoing the stuff you did after making that change. It lets you see when certain changes were made
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you finish a step.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
 git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork, clone, create a branch, push branch into github, add TL as a reviewer*/
